Setup guide for adding pipelines to an existing repo (#2182)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/pipelines/installation/addingexistingrepo-yaml.md

  mock_outputs_merge_strategy_with_state  = "shallow"
  mock_outputs = {
    arn = "known_after_apply"
    url = "token.actions.githubusercontent.com"
  }
}

inputs = {
  github_actions_openid_connect_provider_arn = dependency.github-actions-openid-connect-provider.outputs.arn
  github_actions_openid_connect_provider_url = dependency.github-actions-openid-connect-provider.outputs.url
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Account OIDC</summary>

```hcl title="$$AWS_ACCOUNT_NAME$$/_global/github-actions-openid-connect-provider.hcl"
terraform {
  source = "git@github.com:gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-security.git//modules/github-actions-openid-connect-provider?ref=v0.73.0"
}

# Include the root `terragrunt.hcl` configuration, which has settings common across all environments & components.
include "root" {
  path = find_in_parent_folders()
}

# Include the component configuration, which has settings that are common for the component across all environments
include "envcommon" {
  path = "${dirname(find_in_parent_folders())}/_envcommon/landingzone/github-actions-openid-connect-provider.hcl"
}
```

</details>

#### Create the OIDC resources

> Using the necessary AWS credentials, run the following commands to deploy the infrastructure for the OIDC resources we created in the previous steps. Repeat this step for each account you would like to manage with Pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have administrator access to your account available, then run the following commands to deploy the infrastructure for the OIDC resources we created in the previous steps. Repeat this step for each account you would like to manage with Pipelines.
```
